the mystmd repo has changed place, and one typo (#645)
jupyter-book/myst-theme: README.md

Open the port that is printed in the terminal for your theme server (usually, `https://localhost/3000`). The theme server will start serving the AST from the content as a website at that port.

> **Note**: in the future, this repository will likely have it's own content to test out with the themes.

> > You can currently look to the docs folder in `executablebooks/mystmd`, or an [article](https://github.com/simpeg/tle-finitevolume) or a [thesis](https://github.com/rowanc1/phd-thesis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can currently look to the docs folder in `jupyter-book/mystmd`, or an [article](https://github.com/simpeg/tle-finitevolume) or a [thesis](https://github.com/rowanc1/phd-thesis).
```
